

- Remember what you believe and have experienced.
- Continue cultivating your testimony.
- Reach out to others.
- Establish healthy boundaries.
- Become better informed.
- Become familiar with principles for seeking answers.

When someone you love attacks truth, don't question your testimony.

Stand strong until additional knowledge comes.

Nourish the testimony as you would tend a small plant.

Stay close to the tree. Show your loved ones how much you enjoy being there.

Daily bites of truth and revelation. I don't drink soup from the dish, but a spoonful at a time.

You will become a more potent instrument. You will be inspired by a better cause, the cause of Jesus Christ.

Healthy boundaries.

Trees that grow in a windy environment grow healthier and stronger.






What we choose every day.

Nourish, an active word. We care for a tender plant, to deffend it from weeds.

THERE IS NO GREATER LOVE SONG
Look no further than the nails pinned in His hands.
Here in the presence of the one,
there is no greater love
He gave his life so we could live
Come to the throne
There is no pain He doesn't Know
there is no greater love than His


Artemis, those four have faith in the complete process.
Have faith in Jesus Christ,
above and beyond the faith we have in our fellow beings.

------------------------------------------

I cannot deny that I am receiving an answer.

The Lord commands the prophet to teach us the truth that will bless my life.
Keep going strong.
Prepare and hope for miracles.

You can get though hardship whe you hold tight to the Lord, to His word, to the iron rod.

--------------------------------------

Faith is not an event, it's a process that brings us closer to the Lord.

Faith is to be developed, it cannot be forced.

We have to look forward thinking celestial.

---------------------------------------

SPIRITUAL GIFTS
"And if your eye be single to [God's] glory, your whole bodies shall be filled with light, and there shall be no darkness in you; and that body which is filled with light comprehendeth all things." (D&C 88:67)
Discipline myself to have an eye single to the glory of God. That way I will comprehend all things.

They are standing on the threshold of the most profound of all schools of learning, the "University of Spirituality," if they will _only_ keep God's commandments.




